Exactly.
This is the genuine Tianmen Kunlun Seal
Master, you said this is the Kunlun seal.
But how can this hard word support the jade pendant?
fool
Tianmen is sleepy
It should be made from Korean Yuyu over 2,000 years old
This is the only place in the world
What? This is the genuine Kunlun Seal?
What Ye Longyuan said is true
This is really the Kunlun seal.
How silly of the people next door!
It's going to be a long history of printing
I don't know the Kunlun Seal
I see.
It's all this bastard
It was he who broke the wrath of the Lord God provoked by Yin Evil
That's why the Dragon Gate Banquet was cancelled.
I'm really upset about going anywhere
Tianmen Kunlun Ye, you dare to damage it
I'm damaged, so what?
You're still as crazy as ever
Damaged Tianmen Kunlun for one year
How many heads do you have?
Master, take a look at him
Tianmen Wanguo Chamber of Commerce
Any one of them could have killed him.
He doesn't care about anyone
You haven't changed a bit in all these years
I've been crazy since I was a kid
What does changing your style have to do with you?
What are you doing here?
Ben and Yan Chen have two things to do
This one participates in the World Chamber of Commerce the day after tomorrow
Global business associations held
Second, I heard my fiancee is here
Ben came to find him
big or small
Who is lucky enough to be your fiancee?
Ah!
Tang Miaoyin, CEO of Galaxy Group